fix interpolate function for filling only intermediate gaps (#3816) (#3857)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: prevent from possible data ingestion slowdown and query performance slowdown during [background merges of big parts](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#storage) on systems with small number of CPU cores (1 or 2 CPU cores). The issue has been introduced in [v1.85.0](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/CHANGELOG.html#v1850) when implementing [this feature](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3337). See also [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3790).
* BUGFIX: properly parse timestamps in milliseconds when [ingesting data via OpenTSDB telnet put protocol](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#sending-data-via-telnet-put-protocol). Previously timestamps in milliseconds were mistakenly multiplied by 1000. Thanks to @Droxenator for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/3810).

> * BUGFIX: from now on `interpolate` function fills only intermediate gaps and doesn't extrapolate the trailing empty values at the beginning and at the end of the time series (you can do this using the functions `keep_next_value` and `keep_last_value`). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3816) and [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html#interpolate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [MetricsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html): do not add extrapolated points outside the real points when using [interpolate()](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html#interpolate) function. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3816).
```
